4.1 Finding assertions and evidence

1. Finding assertions:
(a) List all assertions that are not supported by evidence
(b) Which assertions are supported (or refuted) by just one type of evidence?
(c) Which assertions have evidence from source X (e.g., product labeling)
(d) Which assertions have both evidence for and evidence against from a
single source X?

2. Finding evidence:
(a) List all evidence for or against assertion X (by evidence type, drug, drug
pair, transporter, metabolic enzyme, etc.)
(b) What is the in vitro evidence for assertion X? the in vivo evidence?
(c) List all evidence that has been tagged as rejected from entry into the
the knowledge base
(d) Which single evidence items act as support or rebuttal for multiple as-
sertions of type X (e.g., substrate of assertions)?

4.2 Assessing the evidence:
1. Understanding evidence coming from a given study:
(a) What data, methods, materials, are reported in evidence item X?
(b) Which evidence items are related to and follow-up on evidence item X?
(c) Which research group conducted the study used for evidence item X?
(d) Are the evidence use assumptions for evidence item X concordant? unique?
non-ambiguous?

2. Verifying plausibility of an evidence item:
(a) Has evidence item X been rejected for assertion Y? If so, why and by
whom?
(b) Which other assertions are being supported/challenged by this evidence
item?
(c) What are the assumptions required for use of this evidence item to sup-
port/refute assertion X?

3. Checking assertions about pharmacokinetic parameters (i.e., area
under the concentration time curve (AUC))
(a) How many pharmacokinetic studies used for evidence items in the DIKB
could be used to support or refute an assertion about pharmacokinetic
paramater X (e.g., `X increases AUC')?
(b) How many pharmacokinetic studies in the DIKB used for evidence items
for assertion X are based on data from the product label?
(c) What is the result of averaging (or applying some other statistical oper-
ation) to the values for pharmacokinetic parameter X across all relevant
studies used for evidence items?

4. Checking for differences in the product labeling:
(a) Are there differences in the evidence items that were identied across
different versions of product labeling for the same drug?
(b) What version of product labeling was used for evidence item X? Original
manufacturer or repackager? Most current label or outdated? Is the drug
on market in country X or not? American or country X?

4.3 Supporting updates to evidence and assertions
1. Changing status of redundant and refuted evidence:
(a) Remove a older version of a redundant evidence item
(b) Change the modality of a supporting evidence item to be a refuting
evidence item
2. Updating when key sources change:
(a) Get all assertions that are supported by evidence items identied from
an FDA guidance or other source document just released as an updated
version.

4.4 Understanding the evidence base
1. Statistical information about the evidence base:
(a) Number of assertions in the system
(b) Number of evidence items for and against each assertion type
(c) Show the distribution of the levels of evidence for various assertion types
(e.g., pharmacokinetic assertions)
